# **"wallet"**
## In the movie they depict WALL-E as the main character since they've showed it first. And when progressing through the movie, you'll be seeing the true purpose of AUTO which is to give the captain of the ship direct orders as to how to keep the ship doing their daily routines just like the previous captains until they die. WALL-E treats humans as an equal living thing. An example is when WALL-E was waiting on a trollie trying to find EVE, there was a human and he waved at the human. In the world today, it is known for robots and AI to not have feelings/emotions. But in the movie they bypass that making robots "*feel*".
#
## The movie also displayed a lot of ethical dillemas. An example is when WALL-E was by itself on Earth and had met EVE which was searching for a certain item. As that was WALL-E's probably first time seeing a robot rather than itself on Earth, it decided to be around EVE more. With that, WALL-E grew attached and close to EVE. And when EVE encountered the plant it was looking for, it did a shut down protocol. EVE was probably tasked to look on planets for the plant and when it finds it, the robot should shut down since it fulfilled it's task. It relates to real-world AI ethics because whenever an AI fulfills it's task from a user, it doesn't respond back or have control over it's own actions. An AI in the real world is programmed to do what the user's want. But in the movie it's different: robots have their own free will to do what they want. Some even worked real life human jobs serving humans.
#
## Relationships between human and AI characters is that they treat each other like close friends. But when it comes to AI characters alone, they treat each other like they've known one another from the beginning. And some Ai characters even more than friends like WALL-E and EVE. Due to WALL-E always being with EVE, it had felt **HUMAN** emotions. The movie shows the potential of human to AI bonds as if it can be possible at first because the humans were lazy and easy to manipulate when given everything they need to survive and live. The movie suggests that if human to AI bonds are to exist in the future, this could be a possible outcome.
#
## There are many drawbacks and benefits towards being totally reliable towards AI. A benefit in example is everything a human may need on a daily always being given to them by an AI without actually putting in no effort. But a drawback as shown in the movie is the AI revolting and taking control of the world due to humans being reliable to AI. This compares to our current direction to AI because society now is relying on AI to complete certain tasks as homework for example. Not every human wants to put effort into homework and do it themselves so they go to AI for help. In the future, I fear this could be how society is. 